hey you to the babies this is breaking
and cooking again
today I will be picking southern style
macaroni and cheese with the twist
because of any bread crumbs on top so
let's get started first I'm going to
boil some water as you can see I added
some salt and I'm adding some olive oil
okay
now I'm clicking my noodles in and
you're going to cook them to al dente
which is what the pack is telling you
doing with 6 min so you can go buy a
package or you can be ghetto and country
and games 1 the noodles and for a while
if it sticks it's all detailed I know
I'm brilliant but that's how it should
look
ok I have my three cheese's right here I
have some Kobe Jack cheddar and some
Velveeta okay now I have some heavy
cream now I have about 3 cups I'm going
to be Annie today then I'm going to add
my house seasoning as you guys can tell
and if you want to know what's in my
house season seasoning just look down
below and I will tell you guys what's
inside all that season ok now I'm going
to add three eggs to this okay now you
guys you do not have to use heavy cream
you can use milk but I wanted to use
heavy cream because I wanted to do it
you know the real fatty way because
macaroni cheese is not supposed to be
healthy ok you guys just because I had a
lap dance don't mean I don't get down
the empty unhealthy food ok so yeah so
I'm going to mix all this stuff together
like so and also you guys I did at sour
cream I did not show that but yes I
added about
um not a cup of sour cream today and I
have some pepper right there I have and
some pepper smoked paprika right there
okay you got a smoked paprika and I'm
going to mix excuse me for using a
plastic utensil but I'm a firm believer
and not trying to mess up so many dishes
because I am a messy cook so I try not
to use all you know what I'm gonna add
my changes to that um put all that milk
in Caesars and is I'm going to add all
that cheese to it you're going to mix so
just continue to watch what I'm about to
show you next is pretty much
self-explanatory I'm just gonna be
mixing all this cheese together with all
I'm just gonna be mixing everything yep
all right so just stay
now you guys I did have to add some milk
because I kind of made too much so I had
a little milk but like I said this is
pretty much pretty much self-explanatory
this coming
oh my
now you guys are da Gries my hands a
little bit of butter and I'm putting
some butter through my noodles so they
won't be so sticky speaking together he
just made he has not all together for
you now gonna add all the stuff that
I've mixed together put all of it now I
could put all this in a large bowl but I
don't have one at the moment so I had to
do it this way okay but I will prefer
mixing all this in a large bowl and put
it in your cooking dish whatever you
want to call it that's how it should
look and I am adding some of my house
seasons on top and some I put some nice
smoke Peplink on top of there too as
well and I got some cheddar cheese and I
want to sprinkle a little bit on the top
just like he has a little bit on top
I would have put a lot more but I wasn't
thinking that I'll put bread crumbs on
top of it because also add more cheese
in the oven but I forgot I was a big
bread crumb quick I use Texas toast
croutons Four Seasons please me kind of
yes honey this is is so good oh my god
but I'm going to beat it all together
like so you know this puts out a lot of
English and I got some melted butter
real butter y'all and you're gonna mix
melted butter and the breadcrumbs
together the kind of toast
it'll toast the bread crumbs on top and
I add had to add a little bit more books
I did not have enough because you wanted
to look like this the guys that's that
bread crows adapt but I'm telling you it
smelt so freakin good when I was making
it together so good but you gotta put
the bread crumbs on top like so see you
guys I didn't put a lot of cheese on
chuckles I wasn't think I was putting
bread crumbs on top I was not thinking
Irish the bread crumb on top and I was
like a guinea there's a milk cheese in
there but you gotta add it all over
night so hang on pre-heat your oven to
350 and that is hard listen it was
completely done doesn't look scorch it
suck I had this in the oven for about 40
minutes what about me and guys look how
good this looks
it was so cheesy and
and those breadcrumbs like really really
did the job out those breadcrumbs dust
on croutons or the bar so I'm going to
cut into new just to show you guys hi
look solid team
yes sir a child yes but you see a big
one per girl video right now something
will catch on but this way look you guys
and this is all we ate and just ate the
macaroni and cheese laughter every
chuckles Elvita but like I said you
don't have to add all those cheeses you
can add whatever kind of cheese you want
but then feel Vita it's like the secret
because it gives you that creamy
sensation of a macaroni and cheese but
just marinate all the way down this
megaron cheese was a bomb but you guys
my next video I will be making
buttermilk French lemon pepper fried
chicken now yum yum but you're gonna
feel gonna put that will be my next
video guys remember stay blessed thank
you for watching me and remember like a
video yeah love you guys